53. HungerStation | ھﻧﻘرﺳﺗﯾﺷن Software Engineer II - Backend (Saudi Nationals Only) About the job HungerStation is part of the Delivery Hero Group, the world’s pioneering local delivery platform, our mission is to deliver an amazing experience—fast, easy, and to your door. We operate in over 70+ countries worldwide. Headquartered in Berlin, Germany. Delivery Hero has been listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange since 2017 and is part of the MDAX stock market index. Job Description We are looking for a highly talented Software Engineer II - Backend to join our growing team in Riyadh. If you are looking for a place where you can gain hands-on experience and create a direct impact, then this may be the place for you! The ideal candidate will collaborate with the Product Team in order to understand product requirements and provide technical expertise for all products as required, and to assist in analyzing, designing, testing, and structuring the required solutions to deliver a high-quality working software based on the business needs and standards. You Will Be Working On Software Development Keep abreast of latest software development methodologies in order to be able to provide best-in-class software solutions Analyze product requirements in order to understand engineering requirements, estimate efforts and provide the required solutions in collaboration with Product Team Assist in building development components in order to transform the requirements into actual working software accurately Document all coding steps in order to ensure comprehensibility and to facilitate future modifications and maintenance Investigate and resolve issues and bugs Collaborate with other colleagues in order to assist each other in code reviews and deliver code review reports accordingly Perform functional and module testing in order to ensure functionality of delivered solutions Assist in user trials and acceptance testing Governance and Resilience Follow all relevant policies, procedures, and processes in order for the daily work to be carried out in a controlled and consistent manner Contribute to the identification of opportunities for continuous improvement of processes, practices, work processes, cost effectiveness, and productivity enhancement Promote to other employees within the organization the implementation and adherence to policies, procedures, processes, and instructions Daily Operations Follow daily operations relating to the job to ensure work continuity Contribute to preparing timely and accurate reports that concern the line of work to meet the requirements, objectives, and standards Ensure the satisfaction of both internal and external customers by addressing their needs in a courteous and timely manner Qualifications 2- 4 years of experience in backend development using GoLang, Ruby on Rails (RoR), Java, or Python Bachelor Degree in a relevant field is required Master’s degree in a relevant field is preferred Knowledge & understanding of software architecture, including Domain-Driven Design (DDD), microservices, Kubernetes, and containerization Additional Information We offer relocation support globally to our permanent employees. Exchange ideas and meet 2000+ colleagues from different teams within Delivery Hero in our active guilds and through our global tech and product community. Develop your skills with your personal educational budget for conferences and external training. Access our e-learning platform LinkedIn and participate in our various in-house training programs And much more…