58. Tata Consultancy Services Gen AI Engineer About the job Job Title – Gen AI Engineer Company – TCS (MEA) Location – Dhahran, Saudi Arabia Job type – Full time About Us : Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is an IT services, consulting and business solutions organization that has been partnering with many of the world’s largest businesses in their transformation journeys for over 50 years. TCS offers a consulting-led, cognitive powered, integrated portfolio of business, technology and engineering services and solutions. This is delivered through its unique Location Independent Agile™ delivery model, recognized as a benchmark of excellence in software development. A part of the Tata group, India's largest multinational business group, TCS has over 616,171 of the world’s best-trained consultants with 157 nationalities in 53 countries. For more information, visit www.tcs.com and follow TCS news at @TCS_News. Job Description: Technical Skills: Strong foundation in deep-learning mathematics (linear algebra, probability, optimization Expert in PyTorch and/or TensorFlow. Mastery of Hugging Face Transformers/Diffusers and ability to write custom CUDA kernels Experience with distributed training on GPU/TPU clusters. Proficiency with prompt-engineering tools (LangChain, LlamaIndex). RAG expertise: building vector stores, hybrid retrieval, and multi-agent orchestration. MCP server knowledge: designing, deploying, and scaling services that manage agent communication and state (REST/gRPC, message queues, load balancing). MLOps stack: Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, CI/CD, Triton/TensorRT-Inference Server, Prometheus, Grafana. Large-scale data pipelines (Spark, Beam, Dask) and data versioning (LakeFS, DVC, Weights & Biases). Publications or patents in generative AI (NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR). Open-source contributions to major libraries (Hugging Face, PyTorch, Diffusers). Domain expertise in finance, healthcare, gaming, or creative media. Thank you for your interest in applying for this position with TCS. We will review your application and will get back to you if we are considering your interest in this opportunity. Application Deadline: 31 - December - 2025 Privacy Notice: https://ibegin.tcs.com/iBegin/privacy-notice