52. Tamara Backend Engineer About the job About Us Tamara is the leading fintech platform in Saudi Arabia and the wider GCC region with a mission to help people make their dreams come true by building the most customer-centric financial super-app on earth. The company serves millions of users in the region and partners with leading global and regional brands such as SHEIN, Jarir, noon, IKEA and Amazon, as well as small and medium businesses. Tamara is Saudi Arabia’s first fintech unicorn and is backed by Sanabil Investments, a wholly owned company by the Public Investment Fund (PIF), SNB Capital, Checkout.com, amongst others. The company operates from its headquarters in Riyadh, with additional regional and global support offices. Your role We're seeking Backend Engineers for our team (all levels). As a Backend Engineer, you will be crucial in leading the way to build cutting-edge platforms that enable seamless and scalable transactions. Drawing on your proficiency in payment, shopping, and banking systems you will be responsible for designing, developing, and optimizing our secure and robust software infrastructure to create unique experiences only Tamara can provide. With a proven track record of managing cross-functional teams you will collaborate with a diverse ecosystem of talented engineers, designers, analysts, product experts, and other team members to leverage system design, create technical solutions, dive deep into complex problems and ultimately revolutionize the way millions of users shop, pay, and bank. You are a driven, determined, curious team player, knowing that collective strength means we all win. With a positive outlook, you are solution-oriented–persevering regardless of circumstances, always finding a way through, no matter the challenges. You will effectively find a way to work with everyone through empathy and respect. You will be driven and comfortable with responding quickly with urgency, with the ability to change course without losing momentum and energy, resulting in great success. Your responsibilities Design, build and maintain APIs, services, and systems across Tamara’s engineering teams. Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack Work with engineers across the company to build delightful features that span various parts of the system Collaborate with our business, product, and operations teams to understand and solve our users’ pain points. Your expertise You have strong software development experience building scalable products and services Good understanding of SOLID principles, Design Patterns Knowledge of AWS, OCI, Kubernetes/Docker Experience with distributed systems with messaging tools like Kafka or RabbitMQ Experience with Agile/Scrum Knowledge of Javascript, Vue.js, HTML and CSS - is a plus You are proactive, goal-orientated, and self-structured in your approach You have experience as a developer in a startup company - is a plus Team player, creative thinker, and passionate about exploring new technologies Good written and spoken communication skills in English