34. Huxley GenAI Specialist About the job GenAI Specialist, Dhahran - KSA (6 month initial contract) In order to be eligible for this contract opportunity you will need to be based in SAUDI ARABIA and have a TRANSFERABLE IQAMA. Responsibilities: Building the MCP model, context protocol, agentic AI, and experience in building and maintaining microservices. Building and deploying machine learning models to detect and prevent financial crimes, achieving a measurable reduction in fraud losses. Implement Generative AI solutions to generate synthetic data for training, significantly improving model accuracy for given use cases. Roll out scalable ML systems that process millions of transactions daily, reducing false positives in compliance alerts Drive the adoption of advanced ML algorithms to identify sanctions evasion patterns, cutting investigation times for compliance teams. Execute A/B testing on ML-driven compliance tools, achieving a statistically significant boost in operational efficiency Expertise in model optimization and hyperparameter tuning to achieve high precision and recall in fraud detection and compliance applications. Analytical Thinking & Problem Solving: Proven ability to dissect complex problems and provide actionable insights in a timely manner. Strategic Mindset: Experience developing and executing strategies that are both long-term and adaptable to changing business landscapes. Ability to write production grade PEP8-compliant python code with a focus on readability, scalability and maintainability. Collaboration & Communication: Strong interpersonal skills, with an emphasis on listening, empathy, and the ability to translate complex data concepts into understandable terms for non-technical stakeholders. Skills / Experience Required: Proven track record and experience with GenAI technologies Hands-on experience with LLMs techniques (e.g., RAG, Agents, Graph RAG) Open source LLMs (like Llama, Gemma, Mistral etc) Closed source LLMs (such as Open AI GPT, Azure Open AI, Claude, Gemini etc) Prompt Engineering / Tuning / RAG / RAFT LLM finetuning such as PEFT (LoRA, QLoRA .) Proven expertise in Python, especially in NLP and GenAI frameworks Strong experience in Generative Models GANs, VAEs, Transformers Knowledge of NLP algorithms that can handle various tasks such as intent recognition, entity extraction, language modelling, text classification, question answering, text summarization, topic modelling and so on. Good to have foundational knowledge on Cloud, API frameworks and docker. Good to have experience with databases like qdrant, Postgres etc For more information do apply via Linked In or email b.lockett@huxley.com